cat was part of the early versions of Unix, e.g., Version 1, and replaced pr, a PDP-7 and Multics utility for copying a single file to the screen.
Thompson wrote the first version in PDP-11 assembly language to help Lee E. McMahon analyze the text of the Federalist Papers to determine authorship of the individual papers. The ed text editor (also authored by Thompson) had regular expression support but could not be used on such a large amount of text, so Thompson excerpted that code into a standalone tool. He chose the name because in ed, the command g/re/p would print all lines matching a specified pattern. grep was first included in Version 4 Unix. Stating that it is "generally cited as the prototypical software tool", McIlroy credited grep with "irrevocably ingraining" Thompson's tools philosophy in Unix.
The programs must be developed in C language of C11 standard using gcc compiler.
The program code of the cat and grep must be located on the develop branch in the src/cat/ and src/grep/ folders, respectively
Do not use outdated and legacy language constructions and library functions. Pay attention to the legacy and obsolete marks in the official documentation on the language and the libraries used. Use the POSIX.1-2017 standard.
The programs must be executable files with command line arguments
The programs must be built with Makefile with appropriate targets: s21_cat, s21_grep
If third-party libraries are used, there must be build scripts in makefile to connect/load them
Integration tests must cover all flag variants and input values, based on a comparison with the behavior of real Bash utilities
The programs must be developed according to the principles of structured programming
Code duplication must be avoided, common modules must be reused between the utilities. Common modules can be moved to a separate folder src/common
You can use standard and non-standard C libraries, or you can use your own developed libraries from other projects
The statement of the message in the case of an error does not matter
Input via stdin is not required to be supported
templateFile
